Hello, China!
Welcome to the new Front-End Foundations Nanodegree Program.
In just a few months' time, this program will provide you
with a strong foundation to become a Front-End Web Developer.
At Udacity, we do our best to teach skills
that are relevant to the technology industry,
and especially to the evolving job market.
That's why we developed this Front-End Web Developer program
in close collaboration with Google and GitHub,
as well as AT&T and Hack Reactor.
We even have guest appearances from industry leaders
like Pete LePage and Sam Dutton, both are developer advocates at Google.
In this Nanodegree program,
you'll learn the fundamentals of how the web works,
and gain a working knowledge of the three foundational languages
that power each and every website: HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Using these three languages,
you'll do everything from building your very own portfolio website
to developing an interactive resume application with JavaScript.
Sound challenging? Good!
Stick with us and let the learning begin.